"Learning to Identify Extragalactic Radio Sources"

dissertation structure

0. front matter
    a. acknowledgements
    b. statement of originality
    c. summary of works conducted during thesis
1. introduction (to results of dissertation)                        [deadline 5]
    a. motivations and aims
    b. structure of the dissertation
    c. contributions
2. background   (includes literature review;                        [deadline 1]
        demonstrate the current SOTA before this dissertation)
    a. astrophysics of radio AGN
        i. synchrotron radiation
        ii. measurable polarisation
        iii. faraday complexity
    b. radio astronomy for radio AGN
    c. machine learning for radio astroinformatics
        i. fundamental challenges of labels (like we showed james)
        ii. the tv chef problem
        iii. domain adaptation
3. cross-identification of radio sources                            [deadline 2]
    a. introduction and motivation
    b. binary cross-identification
    c. crowdsourced data and radio galaxy zoo
    d. results (from ATLAS and FIRST)
    e. basically the entire ATLAS paper
4. making radio luminosity functions? [deadline 3]
    make it abundantly clear that I'm not a consumer of RLFs: I understand the limitations and motivations and I am here to use ML to help make RLFs
    a. background on radio luminosity functions
    b. revisiting cross-id: going from binary cross-identification to making catalogues
        i. graph partitioning
        ii. uncertainties?
    c. basically the entire FIRST paper
5. faraday complexity                                               [deadline 4]
    a. physics of faraday complexity
        i. complex sources are fundamentally extended radio sources
    b. faraday space information geometry deep dive
    c. basically the entirety of sugar glider
6. conclusion and future work                                       [deadline 5]

todo: decide these deadlines
